# MiniSQL

数据库大程 miniSQL

组员：张倬豪 3150102418 梁杨帆 3150103086

source code is in ../src/code

MiniSQL project generated by VS2017 is in ../src/MiniSQL-VS2017

MiniSQL project generated by CLion(macOS) is in ../src/MiniSQL-Clion

## Function Description

This project implemented a mini version of MySQL. The commands supported:

```sql
create table
drop table
create index
drop index
select * from 
select * from table where condition
insert into table values ( v1 , v2 , … , vn );
delete from
quit
execfile

```


## Development Environment

All of the source code can be compiled and linked with minGW under Windows platform or clang under Linux & macOS.

If you want to build them manually, follow the instructions below.

You have totally three ways to use the project program.

1. Using the Prebuilt Binary File.

    We provided pre-compiled executable program.
    
    Platform when building:
    
    Windows(x64): MiniSQL.exe (Windows 10 Professional 1703; TDM-GCC 4.9.2)
    
    Linux & maxOS: ./MiniSQL

2. Using Makefile (Linux & macOS )

    $ make

3. Compile Manually

    We do not recommend this way because it requires a lot of work. If you want to compile manually, we suggest IDE like VS or CLion or Xcode.
    
    test.sql is a sql script for testing basic functions mentioned above.
    test_redirection.sql is for testing redirection function.
    test_perform.sql is for performance test under giant data pressure(for this particularly, 10k).

## Author & Contact

张倬豪 Email：saltfishzzh@gmail.com

梁杨帆 Email：758252320@qq.com

If you have any question about this project, DO NOT hesitate to contact us.